Cucumber Terminologies:

What is Gherkin?
It is a Business Readable, Domain Specific language that lets you describe behaviour.
Example: Popup messaged is displayed when buttons are clicked and errors are gone

Developer: Popup message is displayed and errors are gone on button clicked
QA: Popup message is displayed - only when buttons are clicked and error are gone

Keywords used in Cucumber: Scenario, Feature, Feature File, Scenario OutLine,Step Definition

Scenarios:
In Cucumber Testcases are represented as Scenarios.

Scenarios contains Steps which are equivalent to test steps and use the following keywords (Gherkin Syntax) to denote
them: Given, When, Then, But, and And (case sensitive)

1. Given: Pre-conditions are mentioned in the Given keyword
2. When: The purpose of the When step is to describe the user action
3. Then: The purpose of then STep is to observe the expected output. The observation should be related to the
         business value/benifits of your Feature description.
4. And: This is used for statements that are an addition to the previous Step and represent positive statement.
5. But: This is used for statement that are an addition to the previous Steps and represent negative statement

Example:
Scenario: Make Minimum Due Payment
Given: User is on pay card page
When: User fills all details and select minimum amount
And: User clicks on the pay button
Then: Credit card confirmation page displayed
And if reference number is displayed
But error message is not displayed

When we specify a business requirement, sometimes there are multiple pre-conditions, user action, and expected results.

Feature and Feature File:
Feature represents Business requirement.
Feature File acts as a Test Suite which consists of all Scenarios.

In Cucumber, Feature files contains Scenarios. We can simply create file with .feature extension.
Scenarios belonging to specific are of Application will be grouped into one Feature File.

The text that immediately follows the Feature keyword, and is the same line, is the Title of the
Feature file.
Feature file should contain either Scenario or Scenarios Outline.The naming convention for Feature files should
be lowercase with .feature extension.

Feature Credit card payment
In order to test Credit Card Payment functionality
As a Credit Card user
I want to complete the payment through online

Scenario: Make minium due payment
Given User is on pay card page
When User fills all details and select minimum amount
And User clicks on the pay button
Then Credit card confirmation page is displayed

Scenario: Pay statement balance
Given User is on pay card page
When User fills all details and select minimum amount
And User clicks on the pay button
Then Credit card confirmation page is displayed

Scenario: Enter Another Amount as 0
Given User is on pay card page
When User fills all details and select other amount and enter 0
And User clicks on the pay button
Then Credit card confirmation page is displayed
But error message is displayed

